README.md, before:

# Front-end Test

## About

This app is built to complete an interview test. It renders reddit hot topics.
Its bootstrapped from create-react-app and has a minimal server to help with reddit oauth credentials.

## Running

First copy `.env.example` file to `.env` and configure it.
Then run `npm run build` to build the client and finally `npm start`.

## Development

To run a dev version of the client run `npm run client`.

To run a dev version of the server run `npm run server`. This runs the server with nodemon so changes on server folder are instantly reflected.

## TODO

- refactor reducer. Split by concerns
- implement lateral menu view
- implement detail view
- store/read redux data in localstorage
- make app responsive
- implement read/unread feature
- implement dismiss feature (do not store for refresh, react state?)
- validate and refresh reddit token
- implement pagination
- we are assuming all /top error responses as login error, that may not be the case. Handle network issues

## Objective

We would like to have you complete the following code test so we can evaluate your Front-end skills.  Please place your code in a public Github repository and commit each step of your process so we can review it.

Your assignment is to create a simple Reddit client that shows the top 50 entries from Reddit - www.reddit.com/top

## Show your work

1. Create a Public repository
2. Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## What to show

To do this please follow these guidelines and use the front-end technology we talked about during your interview (Specific Javascript Framework).  If you are using ReactJS, you must incorporate Redux.

The app should be able to show data from each entry such as:

    - Title (at its full length, so take this into account when sizing your cells)
    - Author
    - entry date, following a format like “x hours ago”
    - A thumbnail for those who have a picture.
    - Number of comments
    - Unread status

In addition, for those having a picture (besides the thumbnail), please allow the user to tap on the thumbnail to be sent to the full sized picture.

## What to Include

    - Pagination support
    - Saving pictures in the picture gallery
    - App state-preservation/restoration
    - Indicator of unread/read post (updated status, after post it’s selected)
    - Dismiss Post Button (remove the cell from list. Animations required)
    - Dismiss All Button (remove all posts. Animations required)
    - Support split layout (left side: all posts / right side: detail post)
    - Responsive design

## Resources

    - Reddit API - http://www.reddit.com/dev/api
    - Example JSON file (top.json) is listed.
    - Example Video of functionality is attached

## Deliverables we expect

* URL where the game can be accessed and played (use any platform of your preference: heroku.com, aws.amazon.com, etc)
* Code in a public Github repo
* README file with the decisions taken and important notes

## Time Spent

You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 5 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.

What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.

Commit message:

Improve data fech by adding loading and error states

README.md, after:

# Front-end Test

## About

This app is built to complete an interview test. It renders reddit hot topics.
Its bootstrapped from create-react-app and has a minimal server to help with reddit oauth credentials.

## Running

First copy `.env.example` file to `.env` and configure it.
Then run `npm run build` to build the client and finally `npm start`.

## Development

To run a dev version of the client run `npm run client`.

To run a dev version of the server run `npm run server`. This runs the server with nodemon so changes on server folder are instantly reflected.

## TODO

- refactor app data. Split by concerns
- implement lateral menu view
- implement detail view
- store/read redux data in localstorage
- make app responsive
- implement read/unread feature
- implement dismiss feature (do not store for refresh, react state?)
- validate and refresh reddit token
- implement pagination
- add tests!
- host the app somewhere

## Objective

We would like to have you complete the following code test so we can evaluate your Front-end skills.  Please place your code in a public Github repository and commit each step of your process so we can review it.

Your assignment is to create a simple Reddit client that shows the top 50 entries from Reddit - www.reddit.com/top

## Show your work

1. Create a Public repository
2. Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## What to show

To do this please follow these guidelines and use the front-end technology we talked about during your interview (Specific Javascript Framework).  If you are using ReactJS, you must incorporate Redux.

The app should be able to show data from each entry such as:

    - Title (at its full length, so take this into account when sizing your cells)
    - Author
    - entry date, following a format like “x hours ago”
    - A thumbnail for those who have a picture.
    - Number of comments
    - Unread status

In addition, for those having a picture (besides the thumbnail), please allow the user to tap on the thumbnail to be sent to the full sized picture.

## What to Include

    - Pagination support
    - Saving pictures in the picture gallery
    - App state-preservation/restoration
    - Indicator of unread/read post (updated status, after post it’s selected)
    - Dismiss Post Button (remove the cell from list. Animations required)
    - Dismiss All Button (remove all posts. Animations required)
    - Support split layout (left side: all posts / right side: detail post)
    - Responsive design

## Resources

    - Reddit API - http://www.reddit.com/dev/api
    - Example JSON file (top.json) is listed.
    - Example Video of functionality is attached

## Deliverables we expect

* URL where the game can be accessed and played (use any platform of your preference: heroku.com, aws.amazon.com, etc)
* Code in a public Github repo
* README file with the decisions taken and important notes

## Time Spent

You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 5 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.

What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.
